(1) AdaptiveCooperates the first four moves, then defects the next four moves, then takes the highest average score a chooses that. In other words, on any given move after the first 8, Adaptive chooses to cooperate if the average payoff of all previous cooperate moves is higher than the average payoff of all previous defect moves.(2) All CooperateAlways cooperates.(3) All DefectAlways defects.(4) GradualCooperates until the opponent defects. Then, defects the same number of times the opponent as defected so far, followed by two cooperates. So, if the opponent defects after previously having defected 5 times, Gradual will defect 5 times, then cooperate 2 times, then cooperate until the opponent defects again.(5) GrudgerCooperates until the opponent defects. Then defects forever.(6) PavlovIf the last move produced a good outcome, repeat that move. If it produced a bad outcome, Pavlov reverse's its choice. So, if Pavlov cooperated on the last move while the opponent defected, Pavlov gets the sucker's payoff, and will defect this move. "Good"outcomes include cheater's payoff and both cooperate payoff. "Bad outcomes" include sucker's payoff and both defect payoff.(7) PunisherCooperates until the opponent defects. Then, defects 4 times, followed by 2 cooperates.(8) Random50-50 chance to cooperate or defect(9) Tit For TatCooperates first round, then mirror's opponent's last move(10) Tit For Tat ForgivingSame as Tit For Tat, but occasionally forgives a defection and responds with cooperate anyway.(11) Tit For Tat ProbingSame as Tit For Tat, but occasionally defects without provocation.(12) Tit For Tat RandomSame as Tit For Tat, but occasionally reverse's its decision (forgives a defection, or defects without provocation).(13) Tit For Tat SuspiciousSame as Tit For Tat, but starts the first round with a defection(14) Tit For Two TatsSame as Tit For Tat, but answers each defection or cooperation with two of it's own. This effectively means it ignores every other move from the opponent, and mirrors the previous move. This allows the occasional defection to slip by without causing a spiralling into a vicious circle, but also punishes sustained defection more harshly.(15) User ControlledWill always cooperate, unless user presses the "d" key, in which case it will defect. Pressing Shift and "d" will cause all user controlled cells on the map to defect, while just "d" causes the active cell to defect (assuming it is User Controlled).